Ah! Ah! Ah! Ooooh!
Ah! Take this! Tatata!
Eh? What's this?
Popopon!
Popopopopopon!
What do you think of that? What do you think of that?
Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
The Tokyo Olympics 2020 are getting closer, how exciting! Right?
If as well, I’m trying to win with my Olympic mascot design...
Definitely from this moment...
Hos... pi... ta... li... ty
I plan to practice hospitality
I believe that there are a lot of ways, but...
Today, I’ll try...
To offer the tastes of Japan
I can’t make a food report, but...
I’ll be inaugurating a Gohanya-san
(Typical Japanese restaurant)
In this case! Here I go!
I’ll start practicing in Training mode
Rice?
Oh? Oh? Oh?
And then?
"Take an"...
This, this... tuna, tuna!
And now?
Oh!
Eh? Ah, I dropped it
And now...
Eh? Is that all?
And now?
I’ll pick up this
And then...
"Push", "Push"
Mmm?
And now?
Ooohh! I see!
And later, I’ll place the salmon roe
Hyoi! Ooooh!
Hoisho!
I see
And now...
I’ll do this...
I’ll pick up the egg...
And place it on top
And then...
I’ll press it
And I roll it up! Oh! I see!
Hoiyo!
That’s how it's done, right?
And now...
I’ll press
Tei!
And now...
Tekkamaki
(Rice roll wrapped up in nori algae and stuffed with tuna)
And now?
And then...
With the knife...
Toon, tooon, diagonal cut!
Ah, you can...
You can cut however you want this way, right?
Here you go!
I see
Tei!
Pa!
Eh? What's going on?
I think I made a norimaki *laughs*
Here you go!
And now...
Tou!
I’ll leave this here
And I cut it, right?
Tun!
And then...
The knife...
The knife stayed...
And then...
Tuuun
Tuunnn
Tuunto!
I see!
Mmm?
Good!
I’ll start for real!
Oh! Welcome!
Saa!
What do you want?
Tuna! Tuna...
Ah, this is salmon
Tuna!
Tu...!
Here you go, thanks for waiting!
Oh, it’s floating
Egg! Egg, right?
Egg, right?
Hoi! Hoi! Hoi!
Hoi!
Good, thanks for waiting!
Oh, aren’t I doing very well?
Tuna!
Ah, shrimp, ah, I made it of shrimp...
Well
Tu... tuna!
Good, thanks for waiting!
Ah, why don’t I use all the ingredients and leave them prepared them ahead of time?
I can't do that
Tea, right?
Here you go
Ah, ah, here you go!
Shrimp
Ah, I have one of shrimp
Just had it... just had it...
Eh?
Mr customer, here you have the shrimp one
Tu...tuna, right?
Tuna!
Here you have the tuna one!
Sí, a tea, here you have the tea
Good
Squid, squid, right?
Squid
Squid! Squid!
Good, squid!
Salmon!
This is a salmon one? No, this is not a salmon one
Good, here's the salmon one!
Salmon
Salmon! Salmon! Everyone likes salmon, right?
Here’s the salmon one!
Let's see, tea, tea
From what I’ve seen, you drink a lot of tea
Salmon roe
Salmon roe, right?
Salmon roe, salmon roe, salmon roe, salmon roe
Salmon roe! Good!
Good, eh?
Salmon roe!
Yes, here's your tea
Eh? Eh? Eh?
Eh?
Ah! This?
Ah! Ah! Incredible! Incredible! Incredible! Eh?
Eh? I can shoot, it's amazing
Ah! Ah! Ah!
With this, I get extra points?
Arara, ah, hit, Eh?
Eeeh?
Is it like that?
Aryaryaryarya!
Oh! Oh! I’m doing...
Ah, I see
L-let’s see...
Well, um...
Egg, egg
Egg! Egg!
Here you go, egg
Good, eel
Ah, I just have one of eel here
Here you go
Eh? Egg, right?
Good, egg, egg
Good, here’s the egg one, thanks for waiting
It finished?
Salmon, right?
Salmon
Salmon... Eh?
Sa... salmon.
Good, thanks for waiting
Hello! Octopus, right? Octopus
Octopus!
Octopus
Tea!
You...
Mr customer...
You drink a lot of tea...
Sea urchin, right?
Urchin!
Urchin
Good, thanks for waiting
Squid
Squid, squid, squid
Squid!
Here’s your tea!
Shrimp! Shrimp, right?
Shrimp!
Thanks for waiting
Hey, you drink too much tea!
It’ll be your fault that I’ll run out of tea
I’ll make an egg one
One of eel, right? Good
Good, thanks for waiting
Ah, again?
Oraoraoraora!
Ah! Ah! Oooh!
Good! Tatata!
Eh? What's this?
Popopon!
Popopopopopo!
What do you think of that? What do you think of that?
Ah, aren’t I doing very well?
Dodododo!
Eehh? Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Let's see
Egg, egg, egg, egg, egg
Tea
Good!
Eh? He didn't want tea!
Good
Egg, good
Good, egg
Good, good
Good, egg!
Eh? Why...? Good, egg
Yes, octopus, octopus, octopus
Octopus, octopus, octopus
Octopus!
Just in time!
Tea!
I just finished serving tea but I spilled it
Tea, right?
Is it fine like that?
Good
Tea!
And also, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp...
Shrimp
Shrimp!
Squid
Shrimp, squid
Squid, squid
Very good!
Salmon roe!
Good, thanks for waiting!
Oh, Kappa-san
Sea bream! Sea bream!
Sea bream, sea bream
Sea bream!
Oh?
Shrimp!
Good, thanks for waiting!
Sea urchin, right?
Urchin
Oh! Oh! Again?
Again!
Take this! Oyoyoyoyoyo!
Oh! Oh! Popopopopo!
I’ll shoot at that! Ah, I can't?
Popopopopo!
Listen, a lot of sushi comes out of the pistol, so then...
If I do this, I’m sure I’ll hit it at some point...
Ah, I’m mistaken, you can’t do that
Good
Let's see
Let's see, yes!
Sea urchin, right?
Good, urchin
Ah, I’m in trouble, sea bream, sea bream
Sea bream! Sea bream! Sea bream!
Sea bream, sea bream, sea bream
Let's see, squid, squid, squid
I’m in trouble, in trouble, in trouble
Octopus
Octopus!
Octopus, octopus, octopus
Let's see
Salmon roe, roe, row, row, row...
*%(#%)/#$!"
Man, how impatient you are, wait a moment...
Good, here's the squid one
Ah, I’m exhausted
Ah
There’s still… there's still more?
Listen... listen, aren’t you eating too much?
Let's see...
You again
Salmon, right?
Here you go, salmon
Here’s the salmon one!
Let's see...
Tekkamaki!
Ah, you ordered somerhing really complicated
Good, I’ll roll it up
Good, I’ll cut it
Good, I’ll cut it, good, I’ll cut it
Wait! Wait!
Eh?
I can't pick it up!
The knife
To! Eh?
Whatever, I’ll give it like that
Here you go
That didn't work!?
Eh? After all...
After all that...!
It's impossible
Ah, I’m mistaken
It's that...
It was enough
Aahhh...
For now...
In this case, eat
Oryaoryaorya!
Ora!
Ah, if I don't send the orders, the game ends
I see
Eh?
Eh? I can't pick it up
Pyopyopyopyopyoon!
Ah, incredible, it shoots a lot!
Fall...!
A lot falls!
Can you eat sushi once you lose?
Aaahhh...
They don't eat? I see
Man, having a sushi place...
Tending to the customers is very hard, right?
The customers make orders consecutively...
And you need to serve them in a short amount of time
It's very hard!
In addition, they drink too much tea!
Man, but even then...
It’s the first time I experiment with something like that
I had a lot of fun!
Next time, I’ll dedicate to making ramen this way...
Here you go! Shaa!
I’d like to do that!
Also...
You shouldn't play with your food!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex